Reproducible ML sample (#202)
localstack/localstack-pro-samples: reproducible-ml/README.md

> # LocalStack Demo: Train, save and evaluate a sklearn machine learning model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LocalStack Demo: Train, save and evaluate a scikit-learn machine learning model
```

In this tutorial, we will train a simple machine-learning model that recognizes handwritten digits on an image. 
We will use the following services:

* an S3 bucket to host our training data;
* a Lambda function to train and save the model to an S3 bucket;
* a Lambda layer that contains the dependencies for our training code;
* a second Lambda function to download and evaluate the saved model.

## Prerequisites

* LocalStack
* Docker
* `awslocal` CLI

## Installing

To install the dependencies:
```
make install
```

## Starting LocalStack

Make sure that LocalStack is started:
```
LOCALSTACK_API_KEY=... DEBUG=1 localstack start
```

## Running

The entire workflow is executed by the `run.sh` script. To trigger it, execute:
```
make run
```
The model will be first trained by the `ml-train` Lambda function and then uploaded on the S3 bucket.

> A second Lambda function will download the model and evaluate its performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A second Lambda function will download the model and run predictions on a test set of character inputs.
```
